hello to all today I you
proposes to test the broken dough
lighten it will only have to add the
trim of your choice
and if you are lacking ideas
do not hesitate to take a little tour on
the blog will find you many ideas
to prepare our recipe
we need a little Swiss at 0%
fat 100 g flour 40 g
butter at 41 % fat you
can take it mild or half salt if
you take it you will add a
pinch of salt in your pie dough
a rolling pin a sheet of
greaseproof paper and a cake mold
silicone to help you I propose
first of all to realize a circle a
little bigger than your mold on your
parchment paper it will tell you little
near the waist you have to do your our
square
we first melt our butter
micron for 10 or 15 seconds
we will now mix our flour
the little Swiss as well as the butter is
simply by hand until
getting a nice ball
we will not start surprised our paw
we will come then placed another
paw in our ball well stick the
terminals and then we cut
and here is our pie dough and ready
I hope this new recipe you
liked it I'll tell you very soon about
little pleasures of doro point fr